CHAPTER 1: REUNITED
I heard footsteps approaching. Soft steps. Someone who was trying to be quiet, or it was someone who is quiet by nature. I stood very still, slowed my breathing for the silence, and glanced around my home to make sure everything was in place. Chip was not here. He probably heard the approach and scurried to the safety of the tree. Attuning my ears to the steps, I completed the picture in my minds eye. An elf. One with a long tender step. A hunter perhaps, or... yes, a sentry. I could hear the wood from his bow sliding against the chain shirt the sentries wear. The sword at his side swayed back and forth like a pendulum of a clock with each step he took. If it had been a hunter there would have been a knife, not a sword. And his armor would have just been cloth, or perhaps leather. ''Loren," an elven voice called up from below. I hesitated a moment. It has been a very long time since someone has sought me out in my grove. I am what is known as a half-elf to the humans, and a half-human to the elves. In this sort of in between world, I am truly accepted by neither, though humans tend to be more agreeable than the elves. Elves, in general, look at and treat me as if I had a third ear growing from my forehead and I smelled like dwarf poo. Humans however, just treat me with a sort of reserved awe. My mother was of full elven blood, and my father was a human hunter. Their romance, though short lived, produced me. Their tale is like those told on the stages of Magnamar by actors, actresses, and a perfectly crafted script. It is because of my mother's status that I was even allowed to remaindfc in the great Emerald wood of the elves. Though my home is far from the elven city Renaren, being in these old and wise woods seems to give me a peace. My home is crafted of wood, and rests in the vaulted arms of an ancient Oak at the edge of the grove that I call home.

"Loren, are you home? I have been sent by Marshal Morendiel to summon you. We have caught intruders in the wood. They are human and the female one has asked for you by name," the voice called again.
My mind brought itself back to the current. It is one downside to elven blood, the trances. One minute you can be very focused on the task at hand, and with just a word, a twinkle of a star, a glint in the river, or having your name called, a moment later the elven mind can, at times, wander to places both near and far.
I stepped to peer down from my window, "I am, give me one moment and I will be down." I know my grove better than most know the tones of their lovers' moods. Keeping my response calm, I glanced briefly to make sure nothing else seemed out of place. Although elves are generally honorable, they have a distaste for half breeds like myself and I do not trust them. I didn't see anything out of place. I did notice Chip just above and outside my window, just as expected. Chip is my companion. It is a bond that flows through us both. I had found him as a very young chipmunk. He had been a survivor of an unfortunate cat attack on his brood. It was his eyes that won me. Sad, scarred, and honest. I used part of my essence to give him life, and in doing so, tied us together for our lives. Because of this, I can sense him and he can sense me. Moods, fears, and sometimes even sights and sounds. For the most part, animals communicate very little other than emotion, but if he could talk, I am sure we'd be able to. I called him and retreated back from the window. Chip followed, and entered as I was buckling my kukris to my waste. He was hesitant and curious and I could tell he was anxious to be back on the branch where he could watch the newcomer. I winked at him and said, "in you go buddy," as I held my pack open. He walked with a bit of a limp. It was a left over reminder of the way he was when I found him. Climbing up or down, or even running, it was hardly noticeable, but when walking it was hard not to see the off balance wobble from the injured legs that didn't heal correctly. He climbed in and I donned the travel pack. I swiped up my bow and climbed down the ladder from the tree. "I am ready to go," I nodded turning to the scout. His face showed his dislike at being in my company, but it didn't bother me. I would choose silence over listening to the arrogant banter of most elves anyway. As we departed I could feel eyes on my back. I turned to see Miria, both the dryad of the grove and my friend. She was watching intently as we left. It is her spirit that brought me to my home of today. I know she had overheard everything, so there was no need to explain. I mouthed the words, be careful, and turned to follow my summoner. My  mind began to put the pieces together as to why I was being beckoned.
I had no doubt who she was that called me by name. I can see her blue gray eyes as if I peered into them just yesterday. Her straight hair draped off her head and beyond her shoulders, swaying in the wind like smooth strands of satin dancing in harmony with soft music. Her tall and slender frame had caused my mind to trance on more than one occasion. I could picture her mouth, her lips moving, and hear her voice as if she were already standing in front of me. It would be the lady Dinora. What I could not piece together was why she had ventured close enough to Renaren to get herself into any trouble with the elves, but I will soon find out. Although I was trying to hide my anxiousness from the messenger, Chip could feel the excitement building up in me. Normally once he was in the pack, he would curl up and go to sleep until we had reached our destination, or until something exciting was happening. It had to be very exciting. Once I found myself fleeing from an orc tribe. In the rather hasty escape, I had jumped off a waterfall and splashed into a pool. I continued through the river on foot so they could not follow my scent. When I found an area of dead and broken leaves and grass, I softly stepped out of the river so as not to leave tracks, climbed a tree, and opened my pack to check on my little friend. Yup, he had slept through the whole event. He must have been dreaming of some extra tasty nuts or one very beautiful little female chipmunk, because he wore a very promising smile! On this trip however, he kept sneaking looks out from under the cover flap, and seemed to be asking with child like perseverance, are we there yet?!?! Who is she?!? He could see the images in my mind, but he did not understand the emotion. Each time he asked, I smiled, for my anticipation was great already, and growing by the minute.
It would have taken a human a little over a week to make the trip to Renaren. As an elf however, our necessity for daily rest consists of about a 2 hour meditation. That, along with being able to see fairly well at night and both of us being accustomed to the forest, we were able to make very good time, and the trip to the heart of the forest took only 3 days. We were about 2 hours from the city when I noticed his path veer from the city. This confused me. Chip's head poked out from the flap to see whatever it was that had me perplexed. As if he understood completely, he let out a squeak, and then dropped back in. The scout's ear tweaked towards me a bit, and then refocused forwards. He never turned.
A watchtower came into view. There were several different towers in the forest. Each one built by the ancients, and each one resting on a power node. They were made of stone that seemed permanently washed, and ornately decorated with metal and wood. The story is that each tower has a soul of its' own. I would agree. I have never liked being near them. All the ones I have had the misfortune to encounter have left me with the same feeling. It's like I am being watched. Not in the way one watches something they admire. More like the way a mother watches her children play hide and find as the game gets too close to her flowers. Like it is just waiting for the chance to yell at you about what you did wrong, and maybe even dish out a lashing. I grew uneasy. Dinora being held here is not a good thing. In this moment, my muscles tensed, my brows tightened, and my mind grew very focused. Whatever exchange was about to take place would not survive many mis-steps on my part. The elves surely would take advantage of any chance to leave me with disappointment.
As we approached, I could see 2 sentries posted atop the 3 story tower with white walls. The scout walked up to the door, lowered his head, muttered a word, and the reinforced double doors opened silently. Magic. He stepped inside. Once he realized I had not followed, he turned and said, "this way."
"I do not enter these towers," I replied.
Motioning me in he commanded, "The marshal is inside, and the meeting takes place in here half kind." I just stood and looked back at him, waiting for him to add some new piece of information that might convince me to enter. He prompted, "Cat got your tongue? I said you need to come inside."
"I didn't realize you didn't understand me the first time," I responded. "I don't go in these towers." I repeated the phrase in common, Dwarvish which made him frown, and then Orcish which had the desired effect. "Got it, or do you need me to say it again differently?" I doubt he understood the Orc's language, but he knew what it was. Orc's are a creation that started from an elf. After magical tormenting and crafting, voila. There were orcs. At the core of every elf, there is a hatred of orc. And the sentiment is returned in kind by orcs. He scowled and turned muttering something about half-breeds and went further into the tower. The doors closed behind him more quickly than they had opened. I guess the tower didn't care for me at this moment either. I smirked. Chip had the same sense of caution I had. I never felt right near these towers, and I guess he didn't either.

The doors opened again, and out walked 5 elves. 4 of them were like the scout that had come and retrieved me, including him. The fifth was the marshal Morendiel. I respected him much more than I would think he respected me. Whether or not any of these elves placed weight upon the words or feelings I had, did not matter. I wouldn't let them think anything other than I knew exactly what I was doing and why. I have found all beings tend to trust confidence as long as it's not delivered rudely. I had met the marshal many years ago when my parents were still alive. He was not the marshal then, but a counselor. Now in he wore a white robe trimmed with gold and green which noted his status. The symbol of the elven city, the Soul Tree was large on his chest and seemed to glow. "Keeper Loren," he opened. Neither his face nor his voice were warm and inviting. I nodded and he continued, "We have 2 humans who were caught trespassing in the forest. They are named Dinora and Gared. As you know, we do not allow unescorted travel of any kind through our woods without permission. When questioned about why she would choose to violate the treaties, she told us that she comes here every year." His voice began to change from direct and short to that like a bardic story teller. "She let me know that her father had passed away within our realm. An unfortunate incident with some bandits years ago. She had in her possession a mithril leaf, and said that you were the one that gave it to her. Since you may only share the tree leaf with your chosen one, I was sure that her story was untrue. But before I proceed to a punishment, I thought it wise to ask, is it true?"
I felt my brow furrow as I thought about the presentation of his question. Then I realized why he had asked as such. My face relaxed and I responded, "Lord Morendiel, you can see my soul within the token and you know she speaks the truth." I paused long enough for him to accept my answer. As he started to respond, I interrupted and I added in a knowing voice, "If you wanted to mock the foolish choices half breeds make amongst your friends, you could have done so without holding an innocent woman a prisoner."
There were a series of looks passed about amongst the elves standing here, and then they refocused on me.
Morendiel face flushed momentarily. He regained his composure quickly and then said, "Was it ever explained to you what that means? What that will do?"
"I am very well aware of the fate it bestows upon me," I replied. "And I bare no regret of my choice. I do not know this Gared, but if he travels with her, I will accept his punishment as my own, and ask they be released into my custody. I will escort them to her father's grave, and then back to the edge of the woods. There will be nothing out of line."
He looked at me with a blank gaze. I had seen this look before. He was delving my memories. I forced an image of Chip to the front of my mind and I saw his face flinch as he focused harder. I held Chip there, counting the hairs on his face, his whiskers, how many of each color. I would not surface any thoughts of my past with Dinora. Morendiel blinked and his eyes tightened at me. "If there is nothing to hide, then why do you fight."
"She has my soul my lord. There is an unspoken commitment you already know is there. I do not wish to share, or feel again, the memories that hurt. I believe you can understand that," I answered.
He stood very still for awhile, and then said to the guards, "Go get the humans. Bring them here." Two of the guards re-entered the tower and retrieved Dinora and her friend. The other 2 went to the stables and retrieved their horses. The horses arrived first, and shortly there after, the humans stepped out of the clutches of the tower. I could almost feel the tower itself sigh in disappointment at their release. The thought was cut off as my eyes came to rest on her face. Her beautiful face was like home. It had been nearly a decade since I saw her last, and she looked just as amazing as the last time I had seen her. Skipping away from the guards her eyes lit up. She began a soft clap of happiness and called my name as she wrapped her arms around me. "Loren!" she exclaimed. I hugged her back. Had it not been for the audience, I would not have let her go.
"You look amazingly just the same," I said. "So beautiful."
She pulled back and looked at me and said, "You too!"
She had a huge smile. I could tell by her mood she had not been mistreated enough that it needed any reprimanding, so I turned to face the marshal, "Thank you Lord, we will be off if there is nothing else you require."
Morendiel answered, "You and yours are free to go."
I turned to Gared and nodded. "If we could be on our way, that would be good." His face held... it held something. Whatever it was that was on his mind, he was willing to let go of for now, and he nodded in agreement.
"Thank you Loren," He said holding out his hand. I shook it.
Gared turned to take the horse reins from the elf. He handed one set to Dinora, and then turned mounting his horse. I stepped up and knelt by Dinora's horse. She put one foot on my bent thigh, and stepped into the stirrup and then swung her other leg up and over. "Always a gentle-elf," she said as she finished her mount. She was no stranger to a horse. One of the elves scoffed, but it truly meant nothing to me. I was perfect in her presence. We were off.
''It is so good to see you Loren," Dinora said smiling.
I smiled back, "It is great to see you too Lady Dinora." I was purposely trying to keep my tone professional. I could tell Gared wasn't completely at ease with me. And I knew that the animals here were eyes and ears to the druid Morendiel. I didn't need him knowing or thinking anything else about our little humble party of three.
Gared added, "I appreciate you coming to help. I was sure we were in for trouble."
I responded again with a flat tone, "It is my pleasure, but the forest will have eyes and ears here. We should wait until we put some ground between us and the city before we talk openly. I know a place we should be able to reach by nightfall. We can talk more freely there." I handed a water skin to both of them so they could drink, and then picked up my pace.

CHAPTER 2: APART AGAIN
As night began to set in, the horses began to struggle a bit with the terrain. I muttered words taught to me by Miria, and 3 dancing balls of light took to the air. I directed them to stay in front of the horses so they could see. We had another hour or so to reach the area I wanted to be, and I pushed on. As if they totally trusted me, Dinora and Gared just kept on following. Dinora began shivering, and Gared passed her his cloak. Eventually we came to a small clearing that was on the risen edge of a brook. "We will camp here," I said. "We should be out of the way of prying eyes. Gared, if you will heed to the horses, I will gather wood for a fire." Dinora and Gared both took to the task of unsaddling the horses and creating a rope coral while I stepped off into the dark to gather wood. Upon returning, I could see them finishing. I could hear their voices low and soft, but could not make out the words they exchanged. The tone was endearing. Gared was a handsome man, dark headed, of medium largish build. His eyes carried a sense of intellect. His habits seemed that of perhaps a lesser noble. His actions were competent, so I could tell he wasn't totally restricted to manor duties, but he didn't bare the fluid actions of a traveller. Perhaps he had servants. My eyes shifted to Dinora. Each action was like a painting being etched into my vault of treasured memories. She turned and smiled. I painted a picture. She reached to pull the knot. Another painting. Her movements, dangling hair, the way the moon cascaded down her, from head to toe. Another painting. Beauty is truly in the eye of the one who beholds. And then they kissed.
I drew in a long slow breath, and exhaled equally as slow. I entered camp.
"You two made quick work of that." I remarked as I drew to the center of camp and began arranging the wood for a fire.
"We have had a bit of practice," Gared replied. "Thank you very much for your help today. I have always understood elves were protective and secretive, but have never encountered any on their own land. I told her we shouldn't be coming here like this," he said as he looked at Dinora.
"I have come here every year since my fathers' passing, and I have never had this problem," Dinora rebutted defensively, and then charmingly added, "Maybe it has to do with you coming with me? I always heard elves could smell stink from miles away!" Gared frowned slightly and they both smiled.
"Hm." I added in the open pause as I contemplated her statement.
"Hm." Dinora countered sarcastically. She had always been good at replying to that particular gesture of mine. I smiled. Gared watched the exchange.
With an inviting girlish voice Dinora called out, "And just who are you little one?!?" I didn't have to look to know Chip had climbed himself out of the pack and made his way over to Dinora. I could picture him making extra wobbly steps just to get the added attention a poor helpless and injured fuzzy cute rodent would get from a heart like Dinora. "Awe, what's wrong with you little one?"
"Dinner served on a platter!" Gared stated.
"No!" Dinora commanded. I smiled. I knew he was just egging the lady on. I am sure she knew it too. She stepped over and held out her hand to Chip. Chip, putting on his full sucker act, flinched back in fear, opened his big eyes wide as if to say, please don't hurt me any more. I can't handle it. Please just a little love. Puhleeze...
Once I had the fire up and going, I turned to survey the scene. Gared and Dinora lay near to each other, propped up on bedrolls. Gared was looking out into the dark, then would turn to me, then to Dinora, glance at Chip, and then return his gaze to the dark. Dinora had Chip wrapped up in what looked to be a scarf, and was commenting on what a good chipmunk he was. How handsome his eyes were. Silently I agreed. It was his big brown eyes that had won me too. She was rubbing him and commenting how soft his fur was. Chip's face... Well, lets just say he was proud that his acting was being rewarded so very well.
"I feel as if there is something in the woods watching us," Gared stated as he peered into the darkness. I knew his eyes could not make out all the things I could see. There was an owl, 2 squirrels that were watching the fire, and a lone wolf.
"There are," I replied. "In the woods there is almost always something watching. But everything watching us here is just curious. There is no ill intent. This area is what you would call holy ground. Or maybe you would call it haunted ground. Either way we won't be disturbed as long as we stay here."
Dinora questioned, "Haunted? Of all the beautiful serene places in the Emerald forest, you brought us to one that is haunted?!"
Smiling I said, "It's not "haunted", but there are spirits here that will protect us if need be. It is late, and tomorrow we will plenty of time to talk. Would you two mind staying awake on watch while I sleep? It will only be a couple of hours, and then you can sleep and I will take watch."
Gared said, "Yes, that'll work perfectly."
I walked to the base of the tree, and turned to Dinora, "It is very good to see you again." She smiled, and I climbed up. I couldn't tell you what it is about the trees that gives me such peace. Whether it is their strength, their age, wisdom, attunement with nature, or just simply the way they sing with the wind, but in their arms is where I have always felt the safest. It is the one place I can meditate easily. I perched at the notch where a branch met the trunk, crossed my legs, and peered through the canopy out across the forest. My eyes filled with blank emptiness. My mind travelled to the stars.
It is true that I require very little rest compared to a human, but I require it. And it is very heavy. Awakening early from a meditative sleep is like drinking 3 kegs of ale and trying to walk. It is almost impossible. At first the sound of Gared's voice calling my name aroused my mind to focus on this world. I could hear Dinora yelling, but she seemed so far away. As if she were miles away and her voice was carried to my ears on canyon walls. I then realized the whole reason I had awoken at all was Chip had his teeth buried in the skin between my thumb and pointer finger. I know it was hurting my bodily flesh, but my mind barely noticed the pain. I could not bring my eyes to part. Again his teeth pierced my hand and I could feel him shaking. Like he was a dog trying to rip apart the flesh. My hand slowly pulled back as my body began to register where I was. My foggy eyes began to peer down onto Gared who was taking up his sword. Images of figures began to flash to the front of my mind. Elven hunter, elven hunter, human warrior, human female in a robe with a staff, human warrior. Visions of each were at odd angles. Like from the ground looking up. Chip was giving them to me while squeaking and squawking like a mad man. The last warrior reappeared in my mind, carrying Dinora over his shoulder. He was huge in proportion to her and she would have had no chance to fight. He was likely a northman from the Horde lands. "No Gared," I called. He responded, but his words fell incoherently on my ears. My mind was sorting out the last image. It was their whole group running off with Dinora. There were a pack of 4 hounds running amongst them. These were ethereal blinkers, and of the war type. We'd have no chance of taking that whole group in a straight on fight. They would not have taken her like that if they intended to kill her. "No Gared. You, and maybe she, will die if you cause a frenzy." That is all I could muster before I passed the image along to Chip of him waiting in my lap. My eyes went dark. The sounds of Gared yelling, and Chip squawking faded and the rhythmic beating of the seas on the shore eventually drowned away everything else.

CHAPTER 3:
My eyes shot open and immediately Chip began chattering and chipping out sounds I could not understand. Images began to appear in my mind. The first of Dinora speaking in a tender voice to an injured wolf that lay wimpering on the other side of the brook. It donned on me I should have told them not to cross the water. Water is very difficult for spirits to transcend. The second was of Gared asleep. He woke suddenly to Dinora's cries for help. The third was of the whole band of villains showing themselves and kidnapping her. Then in succession Chip showed me again the images I had seen last night of the various people and the hounds. I remembered Gared and looked down. He was not here. Grabbing Chip up with a hand, Which he protested to as I grabbed him kind of harshly, I leapt from the tree. "Keep them near," I told the spirits as I let loose the ropes from the horse coral. Grabbed my bag and bow and left. It was just shy of midnight I guessed. The moon was about half, and my eyesight was decent. Elves can see by light of a full moon as if it were mid day. Just a bit of moonlight made plenty enoujgh light for me to track by. I crossed the water where the image of the hurt wolf had been, and there were all the tracks and signs to confirm the visions. I went back to camp to study both Dinora's and Gared's tracks so I could tell them from the others. Gared walked with a slight right heavy heel and wore riding boots. Dinora also wore riding boots, and had a straight heel to toe walk. I set off at the fastest pace I could muster and still read the tracks. I wasn't as worried for Dinora's well being as I was for Gared's at this moment. Had they just been here to rob, kill, or otherwise harm her, they would have last night. Them leaving Gared at camp meant he wasn't an important target. If he got in their way,  they would most likely be happy to kill him. I had not traveled 200 yards before I came to his body. He lay at a fallen odd angle. Like he just crumpled to the ground and had not moved. Getting closer, I could see the blood stained earth around him. I wish he would've listened and stayed at camp. I couldn't blame him though. If not unconscious, I would have fought right away too I think. His arms were ripped to shred near forearms, and it looked like an artery had been ripped open. His chest piece also had a large gash that had poured blood. My heart sank. I did not want him to be dead. Not for Dinora's sake. I knelt close and listened at his mouth. Ever faintly I heard intermitten breaths. I rose, and allowed my eyes to follow the tracks from his near dead body, out further into the woods. My minds eye could see them now. Still on the move.


